tell them we are rising and for 125
years this university has been rising
two immeasurable high bring you
greetings from the University by the sea
I am working Wilson and graduating
senior majoring in public relations and
advertising with a minor in Homeland
Security and Emergency Management and I
have the honor and privilege of
representing the first public HBCU in
the state of Georgia as the 76th miss
Savannah State University through
servants tradition and unity Savannah
State University has become the premier
institution for higher education amongst
hbcus in the state of Georgia it has
been the mission of SS you to officiate
change and encourage everyone to
continue to pursue their vision my
programs on campus and service in the
community which include the collection
and donation of over 1,000 books to
youth various girls camps and women's
workshops I have been able to enhance
the minds of so many while continuing
the institution's mission of officiating
change and empowering each individual I
have been blessed to come a contact with
being a part of the legacy extraordinary
life represent their HBCU has been a
life-changing experience and in order
for me to have one more life-changing
experience as the reigning queen of
Savannah State University that will not
only showcase the work of myself but the
work of my university and the community
as a whole I need your help i need to to
show this video to your family friends
and anyone who will watch and listen and
don't forget to tell them to vote for
Morgan Wilson miss Savannah State
University 2014-2015 as every magazine
hpc you can't dissuade